Remove info on Layout 2013 from layout.md (#107)
servo/book: src/architecture/layout.md

# Layout

> Servo's current layout system is known as Layout 2020. It [supersedes](https://github.com/servo/servo/wiki/Servo-Layout-Engines-Report) the now-removed original layout system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Servo's current layout system is also known as Layout 2020. It replaced the [original layout system] (https://github.com/servo/servo/wiki/Servo-Layout-Engines-Report) which was also known as Layout 2013.
```

> Servo's current layout system is also known as Layout 2020. It replaced the [original layout system] (https://github.com/servo/servo/wiki/Servo-Layout-Engines-Report) which was also known as Layout 2013.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Servo's current layout system is also known as Layout 2020. It replaced the [original layout system](https://github.com/servo/servo/wiki/Servo-Layout-Engines-Report) which was also known as Layout 2013.
```
